7. Discuss the competitive advantages might be gained in developing the new information
system. Identify and discuss the possible adverse effects for this Business if its information
system project fails

Competitive Advantages

The implementation of the new information system into the in-house call management centre (CMC) could bring 
several benefits to the organisation and help them to gain the competitive advantage. The introduction of 
the information system will provide the Relationship managers’ profile and a skill matrix and customers’ 
information for the CMC to select the end-customers for providing a better quality server to the customer. 

The CMC’s Information system enhances the data access to alleviate the relationship managers’ time spent on
the harassing call and customer selecting to enhanced the overall efficiency, creates better sales and 
brings more value to the business. The software interaction with the Interactive Voice Response unit(IRP) and
number identification does the caller authentication to the call to improve the security and handle the overflow 
calls to increase the communication and satisfaction  to the customer. It could reduce the cost from reducing the 
average calling time and number of employees required in order to provide more funds to the business.


Adverse Effects
 
Technological progress has brought countless benefits to the business, but an IT failure would be a disaster for the 
enterprises. The failure of the information system could bring a massive impact to the business, employee and the 
customer. The first impact is the loss of customers and market share, as the information failures happened 
relationship managers would no longer get the support from it. It will lead the customer called an unprepared and 
unprofessional relationship managers and result in an unsatisfactory reply, which it will caused huge market and 
financial loss to the business. Continued with it, as the information system failure occurs, business will need to 
spend lots of time and manpower to solve it until it resumes operation. Every minute of the system downtime would
cause a significant drop of the work efficiency and increase financial costs. After the information system goes back 
online, the high investment on solving the IT failures might cause the business to fire a large range of employees to 
maintain the business as normal. The missing or corrupted data might also occur after the IT failures, the loss or damage 
of RM and customers' detail will takes a long time to resolve.


















