6. Document your proposed workproducts and models.

(UML Models, Products...)


11.05.2020 - Creation and Distribution of Work Models:

Class Diagram:


2 Use Case Diagrams:

1) RM calls potential customer ("Call Out") assigned to Ding Sun
2) Interested Customer calls RM to buy holiday package ("Call In") assigned to Aung Myat
Description:
Since use case diagrams show the black box view of a system, a couple of features that are used by relationship managers and
generated automatically from the system in order to use in making a contact from customer to relationship manager.
The features are selected according to the given description whcih should be essential to the system of call management centre.
In order to make the calls better and get more customer satisfaction, some new customer services are added. For example,
if the customer cannot wait too long for a free relationship manager, the system will take the record of the customer and 
put the contact in the queue so that the relationship manager is given a reminder to call back the customer if the customer
wants to be called back. 



2 Activity Diagrams:

1) "Call In" assigned to Junkai Li
Description:
Inbound calls begin when the customer dials CMC. As the call is held by CMC, the information starts to calculate the
customers score to determined who will be served first(High score will be served first, the lower score will keep on 
waiting until RM respond). If no RM responded the call, all customer who is on hold will be transferred to the interactive 
voice response(IVP) unit. In the time with IVP, the customer will be asked to answer a few questions(E.x: Call Reason). 
The customer could choose to keep waiting or end the call in this stage. RM will be assigned to the customer. hopefully, 
each customer will purchase our products. This process will start again when another customer called CMC.

2) "Call Out" assigned to Mofan Heng
Description:
Outbound calls begin when the RM requests a calling to customer.The requestiong is held by CMC, then the information starts to 
calculates RM skils and profile. The information system will creat a customer target list for each RM. The rule of match system is
high score RM serves high score customers. ( the class diagram will achieve operation of match) Then, the RM will receive a 
target list which have matched cuatomer details.(E.g: Name, Product preferences）The customers are able to choose answer the call 
or not. After the customers picking up, they can purchase products then end call, then the information system will record the
performance of RM in the call and store it for later use.(Better service quality of RM is able to win more scores) If the 
customer does not answer the call, end the call.


2 Sequence Diagrams:

1) "Call In" assigned to Leon Geitmann
Description:
The inbound call of course starts with a customer calling our insitution, where he gets connected to the CMC.
Here a purchase likelihood score is assigned to the customer, based on info gathered from the call itsself 
(location, suburb, prefix, already purchased a product from this phone number in the past, etc.). The CMC then 
requests the skill scores of the RMs currently available. The skill score for each RM are being calculated automatically
based on their recent performance. The best fitting RM will be assigned to each calling customer (high skill score matched
with high purchase-likelihood-score). The RM and calling customer get connected and the customer will hopefully purchase one 
of our products.

2) "Call Out" assigned to Leon Geitmann
Description:
The RM is ready to call a potential customer and therefore requests a call, including customer details from the CMC. The CMC 
responds with all necessary information and automatically creates a list of potential customers with details for each one. 
After these steps the RM has signaled that he's ready to make outbound calls and has received all necessary information by 
the CMC to make his calls. In the next step the RM therefore calls the potential customer and tries to convince him to buy
one of our holiday packages. When the call is over, the customer will have decided if he/she would like to purchase a product.
The RM will note that decision and notify the CMC if the customer decided to purchase a specific product or make no purchase
at all. After this the RM can call the next potential customer and the sequence begins again.

Every Diagram will be sent to Junkai Li who will visualize each in VISIO in order to have consistent graphics / Diagrams. 
